>> Welcome to the
House of Wellbeing.
You're listening to the Open
to Love Hypnotherapy audio.
In a moment,
hypnosis will begin.
But before it
does, I'd just like
to remind you that the
following audio contains
powerful hypnotic
suggestions that
aim to help you reach a
deep level of relaxation.
So please be sure that wherever
you're listening to this audio,
you're in a safe and
comfortable place
free from distractions where
you can fully relax and let go.
Please don't listen to this
if you're driving or operating
machinery.
Should there be an emergency,
your subconscious mind
will alert you, and you'll
easily come out of hypnosis.
But right now,
there's nothing at all
you need to do apart
from close your eyes,
relax, and let go,
and really enjoy
those peaceful feelings and all
the benefits that come with it.
Make yourself as
comfortable as possible,
and concentrate on
the sound of my voice.
And begin by drawing in
a long, slow, deep breath
in through your nose.
Hold the breath for a
moment, and now slightly
open your mouth and
release all the air
from your body in a
long, low, deep sigh.
And relax, allowing your
lungs to naturally deflate
as your body sinks into
gentle relaxation now.
And you can release any tension.
Relax and let go as I
guide you through a journey
of relaxation, a journey that
you will find very beneficial
for your overall well-being.
You're going to start
this calming experience
by first relaxing your
whole body mind system.
And it's true to say that the
simple act of relaxing the body
and mind has a positive knock-on
effect, because how you think
determines how you feel.
And how you feel influences
the world around you.
And how you choose
to think today
affects your decisions
from here on in.
So to make my
assurances your reality,
let's begin by
focusing your attention
at the very top of your head.
Tension often starts at the
scalp and the neck, so mentally
and physically allow
all the muscles
around the top of your
head to relax now.
Letting all the
tension simply dissolve
as you start to tune in
to your body mind system.
Just let any tension you may
be holding to release now.
Allow your brain to relax,
the left and the right
lobes of the brain
just releasing.
Such a simple thought, yet so
profound and so significant.
Just letting go completely.
Drifting further and further
down, nobody wanting anything.
Nobody needing anything.
This is your time to relax.
Taking the relaxation
into the face
now, allowing all of your
facial muscles to feel loose.
Feel your brow relaxing,
your forehead smoothing out,
the back of your eyes relaxing.
Tiny muscles around
your eyes and eyelids,
down into your cheeks and
into your jaw muscles,
just releasing and letting go.
Allowing your
tongue to fall away
from the roof of your mouth.
And should you find you need
to swallow, just do that now.
And drift down and
down deeper and deeper
into blissful relaxation.
The more you physically
relax, the more
you can mentally relax.
And when you can
mentally relax, you
can think much more clearly.
And when you think more clearly,
your life becomes clearer.
You make better decisions,
and you're much more
in control of your days.
So noticing now how
your neck feels,
relaxing all the little muscles,
letting go of the strain,
letting go of the tension.
Allow that tension and you
may be holding your shoulder
to go now.
Feel those shoulders,
both of them sinking
into the frame of your body.
Feel your neck lengthen
as you do this.
Feel or imagine all your
cares and worries just
rolling off your shoulders now
as you take the relaxation down
now into the tops of your
arms, letting any tension you
may be holding just drain away.
And as your awareness flows
down through your upper arms,
into your elbows, all the
muscles in your forearms
relax, right down to your
wrists and into your hands.
And way down into the very tips
of your fingers and thumbs.
Your arms are feeling so heavy.
Your body's so comfortable.
Nothing whatsoever
to do but just
relax and enjoy this feeling
of total release now.
As you let go of all the
tension in those muscles,
you may experience them becoming
calmer and gently releasing.
And just tune into the
feeling of simply letting go.
As you become aware
of your breathing,
notice that you are now
breathing steadily and slowly,
rhythmically.
And with each exhale,
you feel yourself just
relaxing even more
deeply, allowing
any tension in the chest area
now to simply drain away.
Letting go completely
and totally.
Bring awareness into
your stomach now,
and let all your
stomach muscles relax.
And as you do, I
want you to imagine
a ball of sunlight passing
down from the top of your head
down through your face, your
throat, and into your stomach.
Visualize this healing
energy passing down
through your throat and
chest and into your stomach.
So see and feel the sunlight
swirling and rotating.
And as the light glows, it
warms, and soothes, and heals.
And you release and relax and
drift down and further down.
And in your imagination,
you send the sunlight out
now to every nerve cell,
bone, muscle, fiber,
and system of the body.
See it flowing through
the bloodstream,
and leave the light there.
It knows what to do.
As you take the relaxation,
round into your back muscles.
And from your back muscles,
it relaxes those muscles
either side of the spine.
Releasing, relaxing,
and just letting go now.
Deeper and deeper now.
As you relax your waist and the
muscles of your lower stomach,
and down into the
pelvic area, all the way
down through the large
thigh muscles, down
through your knees, your
shins and you calves, just
allow those areas of
the body to relax.
And let go.
You're so relaxed, so
heavy, so comfortable.
And now tune into that
comfortable feeling
as you think on down to your
ankles and to your feet,
right down to the very
tips of your toes.
All the muscles of your body
are now so beautifully relaxed,
and you feel very heavy
and very comfortable.
And you're feeling centered and
relaxed and fully in control.
If there are any
areas of your body
that still feel
tight or tense, you
find that you can relax them
simply by giving yourself
permission to do so.
And you can now go even
deeper as I count down
from eight to zero.
And with every number, you
feel yourself drifting further
into blissful relaxation.
So eight, seven, six, five,
deeper now, four, three,
two, one and zero.
Deeply relaxed.
Letting go of all the cares
and worries, all the tension
and pressure and
stresses and strains.
Let them all ease from your
body and ease on your mind.
And allow yourself to drift down
into a deeper, more blissful
state of creative relaxation.
And now that you're in
a deeply relaxed state,
I'm going to talk about
your feelings around love.
And it may be that
in the past you
felt unable to move
forward in love
and be open to a relationship.
Perhaps you want to rebuild the
trust that you have in others,
knowing that what's
happened in the past
doesn't necessarily mean
it will happen again.
And you may have already
made the decision
that you want to find love.
And that's all that you need
right now, to be open to love,
to go back to being
in a relationship
or to start a relationship.
To be able to forgive
any past experiences.
To trust and to love.
To look forward to
wonderful feelings
of being with a partner.
You know that a relationship
is worth working at,
which is why you're
now using your mind
power to attract love.
And you manifest daily,
opening yourself up for love
more and more each
and every day.
You know that you
want to move on.
You've already decided to
do so, allowing the higher
part of your mind to
reinforce and strengthen
this decision right now.
Perhaps you can imagine
your inner resolve
as a shape or color.
Or it may be an emotion, or
simply a feeling of certainty
about a new love
entering your life.
Feel that resolve growing.
See it brightening
and glimmering
like a new star on the horizon,
shining brightly and giving you
reason to believe that
going forward with a partner
will bring you so
much happiness.
You make your resolve as
strong as you possibly
can as you begin to open up to
new possibilities of finding
love.
All you need to do
is allow it to work.
You forgive yourself
or others for
any past negative experiences.
That's all in the past now, and
you're ready to leave it there.
You are a different person now.
You have changed now.
You're growing as a person more
and more each and every day.
Perhaps in a past
relationship it
wasn't going as well as it
should have at the time.
Or just maybe you
or your partner
felt unloved or unwanted.
And although the
relationship didn't work out,
it's time now to move
forward, to find someone new,
acknowledging and closing
the door to the past.
I'd like you to affirm
in your mind after me.
All things that
have offended me,
I forgive from
within and without.
I forgive all things and people
from the past, the present,
and the future.
I forgive.
I forgive completely
and unconditionally.
I am free.
I am open to love.
Realize that nobody
can avoid exposure
to all negative
influences and still
be a part of the ongoing scene.
But you can avoid
entertaining those influences
or taking these things to heart.
In the same way that a gardener
avoids cultivating weeds,
you can also avoid
carrying these things
into a new relationship.
And if you've never been
in a relationship before,
you now feel ready.
It's time to let go of fear and
embrace being with someone new
and letting someone
into your life.
You feel ready and excited.
You now feel a wonderful
sense of freedom and hope.
It's as though a
huge weight has been
lifted from your shoulders.
Or a heavy black cloud
has just blown away,
making your world brighter and
a much happier place in which
to live.
Being open to love is a
liberating experience,
and it brings hope and the
anticipation of good times
to come.
It gives release from
negative unwanted feelings
and eases your mind,
your body, and your soul.
You're excited about
the future and what
a new relationship can bring.
And you feel full
of hope knowing
that the right person for you
is just around the corner.
Someone to keep you
company, someone to talk to,
to go on dates with, to make
you feel good about yourself
and to create good
times together.
And as you think about
these good times,
these good feelings grow
stronger and stronger still.
You concentrate on
the present and laying
the foundations of a perfect
future together with someone.
For a few brief
moments, I wonder
if you can imagine yourself
with a new partner.
See yourself having
fun together,
laughing, smiling,
feeling so happy.
See yourself in that scene now.
Imagine it.
Visualize yourself now
growing old together.
Perhaps you're grandparents
or even great grandparents.
And when you venture out
together, you still hold hands.
You still show affection and
communicate with each other.
And everyone knows how
much you love each other.
I'll be quiet for
a moment or two
as your subconscious mind
prepares this image for you.
Or perhaps you'll just
experience or sense
when the two of you meet.
Maybe this image, sensation, or
feeling will come to you later.
And if it does, that's
absolutely fine.
You and your new partner
have a great future together,
and you're determined
and motivated
to be open to love now.
These feelings will grow
stronger and stronger
with each and every day,
feeling excited now.
These suggestions are now firmly
embedded in your subconscious
mind, and they'll also
grow stronger day by day,
stronger by the minute,
and stronger by the hour.
And in a moment, I'm going
to count from one to five.
And at the count of five,
you'll be wide awake.
You'll have beautiful feelings
flowing through your body, calm
and peaceful thoughts
flowing through your mind.
And these calm and peaceful
thoughts and feelings
are going to remain with you.
They're going to
remain and stay you.
So when you're ready I'm
going to count to five.
And you can allow your eyes
to open when you're ready.
So one, two, three,
four, and five.
Eyes open when you're ready.